Proofreading - previously checked files (#11750)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/get_started/get_started_demos.md

4. <a href="#run-image-classification">Run inference on the sample and see the results:</a>
    - <a href="#run-image-classification">Image Classification Code Sample</a>

This guide assumes you completed all installation and configuration steps. If you have not yet installed and configured the toolkit, follow the installation guide suitable for You:

@sphinxdirective
.. tab:: Linux

   :doc:`Install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for Linux* <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_linux>`

.. tab:: Windows

   :doc:`Install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for Windows* <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_windows>`

.. tab:: macOS

   :doc:`Install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for macOS* <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_macos>`
  
@endsphinxdirective

> ## Install OpenVINO Development Tools

Author: ```suggestion
## Installing OpenVINO Development Tools
```

> To install OpenVINO Development Tools for use with Caffe* models, run the following command: 

Author: ```suggestion
To install OpenVINO Development Tools for use with Caffe models, run the following command: 
```

``` sh
   pip install openvino-dev[caffe]
```

> ## Build Samples and Demos

Author: ```suggestion
## Building Samples and Demos
```

If you have already built the demos and samples, you can skip this section.

To build OpenVINO samples:

@sphinxdirective
.. tab:: Linux

>    Open :doc:`OpenVINO Samples page <openvino_docs_IE_DG_Samples_Overview>` and follow the "Build the Sample Applications on Linux*" section.

Author: ```suggestion
   Open the :doc:`OpenVINO Samples page <openvino_docs_IE_DG_Samples_Overview>` and follow the "Build the Sample Applications on Linux" section.
```

.. tab:: Windows

>    Open :doc:`OpenVINO Samples page <openvino_docs_IE_DG_Samples_Overview>` and follow the "Build the Sample Applications on Microsoft Windows* OS" section.

Author: ```suggestion
   Open the :doc:`OpenVINO Samples page <openvino_docs_IE_DG_Samples_Overview>` and follow the "Build the Sample Applications on Microsoft Windows* OS" section.
```

4. <a href="#run-image-classification">Run inference on the sample and see the results:</a>
    - <a href="#run-image-classification">Image Classification Code Sample</a>

> This guide assumes you completed all installation and configuration steps. If you have not yet installed and configured the toolkit, follow the, suitable for you, installation guide:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide assumes you have completed all installation and configuration steps. If you have not yet installed and configured the toolkit, follow the suitable installation guide below:
```

@sphinxdirective
.. tab:: Linux

   :doc:`Install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for Linux <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_linux>`

.. tab:: Windows

   :doc:`Install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for Windows <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_windows>`

.. tab:: macOS

   :doc:`Install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for macOS <openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_macos>`
  
@endsphinxdirective

## Installing OpenVINO Development Tools

To install OpenVINO Development Tools for use with Caffe models, run the following command: 

``` sh
   pip install openvino-dev[caffe]
```

## Building Samples and Demos

> If you have already built the demos and samples, you can skip this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skip this section if you have already built the demos and samples.
```

.. tab:: Windows

   Open the :doc:`OpenVINO Samples page <openvino_docs_IE_DG_Samples_Overview>` and follow the "Build the Sample Applications on Microsoft Windows* OS" section.

.. tab:: macOS

   Open the :doc:`OpenVINO Samples page <openvino_docs_IE_DG_Samples_Overview>` and follow the "Build the Sample Applications on macOS" section. 

@endsphinxdirective

To build OpenVINO demos:
@sphinxdirective
.. tab:: Linux

   Open the :doc:`Open Model Zoo Demos page <omz_demos>` and follow the "Build the Demo Applications on Linux" section.

.. tab:: Windows

   Open the :doc:`Open Model Zoo Demos page <omz_demos>` and follow the "Build the Demo Applications on Microsoft Windows OS" section.

.. tab:: macOS

   Open the :doc:`Open Model Zoo Demos page <omz_demos>` and follow the "Build the Demo Applications on Linux" section. Use the requirements from "To build OpenVINO samples" above and adapt the Linux building steps for macOS.

@endsphinxdirective

## <a name="download-models"></a> Step 1: Download the Models

For inference task you need to have a specific model. Below are presented model type examples:

> - Classification (AlexNet, GoogleNet, SqueezeNet, etc.) - Detects one type of element in an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Classification (AlexNet, GoogleNet, SqueezeNet, etc.) - detects one type of an element in an image.
```

> - Object Detection (SSD, YOLO) -- Draws bounding boxes around multiple types of objects in an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Object Detection (SSD, YOLO) - draws bounding boxes around multiple types of objects in an image.
```

> - Custom - Often based on SSD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom - often based on SSD.
```

> Suitable model for the OpenVINO™ toolkit can be find by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A suitable model for the OpenVINO toolkit can be acquired by:
```

- Download public or Intel pre-trained models from the [Open Model Zoo](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo) using the [Model Downloader tool](@ref omz_tools_downloader).

> - Download from GitHub, Caffe Zoo, TensorFlow Zoo, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Downloading from GitHub, Caffe Zoo, TensorFlow Zoo, etc.
```

@endsphinxdirective

> After download your screen will look similar to the one below and show the paths of downloaded files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the download, your screen will look similar to the one below and show the paths of downloaded files:
```

@endsphinxdirective

For the rest of this guide, OpenVINO™ Model Downloader was used to download pre-trained models. 

## <a name="convert-models-to-intermediate-representation"></a>Step 2: Convert the Model with Model Optimizer

> To use your model in the OpenVINO Runtime, it's required to be converted into OpenVINO IR (Intermediate Representation) format. To do this it is required to run trained model through the Model Optimizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Model Optimizer to convert trained models to OpenVINO IR (Intermediate Representation) format in order to use them in OpenVINO Runtime.
```

> This tutorial uses the public GoogleNet v1 Caffe model to run the Image Classification Sample. See the example in the <a href="#download-models">Download Models</a> section of this article to learn how to download this model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses the public GoogleNet v1 Caffe model to run the Image Classification Sample. See the <a href="#download-models">Download Models</a> section of this article to learn how to download this model.
```

> The googlenet-v1 model is downloaded in the Caffe format. Use the Model Optimizer to convert it to OpenVINO IR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The downloaded googlenet-v1 model is in the Caffe format. Use Model Optimizer to convert it to OpenVINO IR.
```

@endsphinxdirective

For the remainder of this guide, OpenVINO™ Model Downloader was used to download pre-trained models. 

## <a name="convert-models-to-intermediate-representation"></a>Step 2: Convert the Model with Model Optimizer

To use Your model in the OpenVINO Runtime it's required to be converted into IR (Intermediate Representation) format. To do this You need to run Your trained model throught the Model Optimizer.

This tutorial uses the public GoogleNet v1 Caffe* model to run the Image Classification Sample. See the example in the <a href="#download-models">Download Models</a> section of this article to learn how to download this model.

The googlenet-v1 model is downloaded in the Caffe* format. You must use the Model Optimizer to convert it to IR.

> Create an `<ir_dir>` directory to contain the model's IR.

Author: ```suggestion
Create an `<ir_dir>` directory to contain the model's OpenVINO IR:
```

@endsphinxdirective

> After the conversion the OpenVINO IR files (produced by the script) are written to the <ir_dir> directory. Models in the OpenVINO IR format always include an `.xml` and `.bin` files. In some cases they may also include other files, such as `.json` or `.mapping`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the conversion, the OpenVINO IR files (produced by the script) are written to the <ir_dir> directory. Models in the OpenVINO IR format always include an `.xml` and `.bin` files. In some cases, they may also include other files, such as `.json` or `.mapping`.
```

> **Make sure these files are together in a single directory so the OpenVINO Runtime can find them!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Make sure that these files are together in a single directory, so OpenVINO Runtime can find them!**
```

**REQUIRED:** `model_name.xml`, `model_name.bin`
**OPTIONAL:** `model_name.json`, `model_name.mapping`, etc.

> ## <a name="download-media"></a> Step 3: Download a Video or Still Photo as Media

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## <a name="download-media"></a> Step 3: Download a Video or a Still Photo as Media
```

> Video media can be download to use as the code samples and demo applications from many available sources, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Video media can be downloaded to use as the code samples and demo applications from many available sources, such as [Pexels](https://pexels.com) and [Google Images](https://images.google.com).
```

> - [Pexels](https://pexels.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - [Google Images](https://images.google.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Alternatively, the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit includes several sample images and videos that can be used for running code samples and demo applications:

>    - [Sample images and video](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    - [Sample videos](https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/sample-videos)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## <a name="run-image-classification"></a>Step 4: Run Inference on the Sample

> To run the **Image Classification** code sample with an input image using the IR model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the **Image Classification** code sample with an input image using, the OpenVINO IR model:
```

@endsphinxdirective

> After the conversion IR files produced by the script are written to the <ir_dir> directory. Models in the IR format always include an `.xml` and `.bin` file. In some cases they may also include other files such as `.json` or `.mapping`.

Author: ```suggestion
After the conversion the OpenVINO IR files (produced by the script) are written to the <ir_dir> directory. Models in the OpenVINO IR format always include an `.xml` and `.bin` files. In some cases they may also include other files, such as `.json` or `.mapping`.
```

**Make sure these files are together in a single directory so the OpenVINO Runtime can find them!**

**REQUIRED:** `model_name.xml`, `model_name.bin`
**OPTIONAL:** `model_name.json`, `model_name.mapping`, etc.

## <a name="download-media"></a> Step 3: Download a Video or Still Photo as Media

> You can download video media to use as the code samples and demo applications from many available sources, like:

Author: ```suggestion
Video media can be download to use as the code samples and demo applications from many available sources, like:
```

- [Pexels](https://pexels.com)
- [Google Images](https://images.google.com)

> Also, the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit includes several sample images and videos that you can use for running code samples and demo applications:

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit includes several sample images and videos that can be used for running code samples and demo applications:
```

   - [Sample images and video](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/)
   - [Sample videos](https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/sample-videos)

## <a name="run-image-classification"></a>Step 4: Run Inference on the Sample

> <!-- ### Run the Image Classification Code Sample -->

Author: ```suggestion
```

@endsphinxdirective

> 2. Open directory of the code samples release created when you built the samples earlier:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Open the directory of the code samples release created when you built the samples earlier:
```

@endsphinxdirective

> 2. Open the directory of the code samples release created when you built the samples earlier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to the release directory of the code samples, which was created when you built the samples earlier:
```

@endsphinxdirective

> 3. Run the below executable, specifying: the input media file, the IR for your model, and a target device for performing inference:

Author: ```suggestion
3. Run the executable below with specified input media file, the OpenVINO IR for your model, and a target device for performing inference:
```

@endsphinxdirective

> 3. Run the executable below with specified input media file, the OpenVINO IR for your model, and a target device for performing inference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After specifying input media file, the OpenVINO IR for your model, and a target device for performing inference, run the executable below :
```

@endsphinxdirective

> Below command run the Image Classification Code Sample using the [dog.bmp](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/images/224x224/dog.bmp) file as an input image, the model in IR format from the `ir` directory, and on different hardware devices:

Author: ```suggestion
Command below runs the Image Classification Code Sample using the [dog.bmp](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/images/224x224/dog.bmp) file as an input image, the model in OpenVINO IR format from the `ir` directory, and on different hardware devices:
```

@endsphinxdirective

> Command below runs the Image Classification Code Sample using the [dog.bmp](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/images/224x224/dog.bmp) file as an input image, the model in OpenVINO IR format from the `ir` directory, and on different hardware devices:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command below runs the Image Classification Code Sample, using the [dog.bmp](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/images/224x224/dog.bmp) file as an input image, the model in OpenVINO IR format from the `ir` directory:
```

@endsphinxdirective

   **GPU:**

>    > **NOTE**: Running inference on Intel® Processor Graphics (GPU) requires [additional hardware configuration steps](../install_guides/configurations-for-intel-gpu.md), as described earlier in this article. Running on GPU is not compatible with macOS*.

Author: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE**: Running inference on Intel® Processor Graphics (GPU) requires [additional hardware configuration steps](../install_guides/configurations-for-intel-gpu.md), as described earlier in this article. Running on GPU is not compatible with macOS.
```

@endsphinxdirective

   **MYRIAD:**

>    > **NOTE**: Running inference on VPU devices (Intel® Movidius™ Neural Compute Stick or Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2) with the MYRIAD plugin requires [additional hardware configuration steps](../install_guides/configurations-for-ncs2.md), as described earlier in this article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE**: Running inference on VPU devices (Intel® Movidius™ Neural Compute Stick or Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2) with the MYRIAD plugin requires [additional hardware configuration steps](../install_guides/configurations-for-ncs2.md), as described above.
```

@endsphinxdirective

> Once the sample application is complete, you will see the label and confidence for the top 10 categories on the display. Below is a sample output with inference results on CPU:

Author: ```suggestion
Once the sample application is complete, the label and confidence for the top 10 categories on the display will prompt. Present below is a sample output with inference results on CPU:
```

@endsphinxdirective

> Once the sample application is complete, the label and confidence for the top 10 categories on the display will prompt. Present below is a sample output with inference results on CPU:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the sample application has been complete, the label and confidence for the top 10 categories will appear on the display. Below is a sample output with inference results on CPU:
```

## Other Demos/Samples

> For more samples and demos, you may visit pages below. You can review samples and demos by complexity or by usage, run the relevant application, and adapt the code for your use.

Author: ```suggestion
For more samples and demos, visit pages below. You can review samples and demos by complexity or by usage, run the relevant application, and adapt the code for your use.
```

## Other Demos/Samples

> For more samples and demos, visit pages below. You can review samples and demos by complexity or by usage, run the relevant application, and adapt the code for your use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To review more samples and demos or find information on how to run a relevant application and adapt the code for your use, refer to [OpenVINO Samples](../OV_Runtime_UG/Samples_Overview.md) page. 
```
